Task
Create an application with which, for
example, a freelancer can record his hours
worked. For this purpose, time logs should
be created, edited and deleted. In addition,
there should be an overview of how much
was worked per day / week / month. The
individual subtasks are described below.

Technologically Symfony 4 (or Laravel)
should be used as framework and MongoDB
or MySQL as database. Other technologies,
frameworks or libraries can be used as you
like. Design and layout are not important, but
should be usable for an end-user.

You can upload the finished result to Github
or send it by email.
Part A
Create a form to record working hours. This
can be done either as a "start / stop" button
to track a log or via a form with start time and
end time.
Part B
The time logs should be displayed in a table,
be correctable afterwards via an edit button
and be deletable via a delete button.

Part C
Create an evaluation that shows either in a
chart or in a table how much someone has
worked per day / month.
Optional additional tasks:
A
Create an export in CSV or Excel format that
contains recorded times for further
processing (such as in Excel).
B
Make it possible to create projects and
assign times to them. The evaluation should
then be structured according to project.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Implementation:
The application uses Symfony4.4, PHP7.4, MySQL, JQuery.
Based on EasyAdminBundle. The dump of the database is in the root of the repository.
There are login form for users (for default symfony server 127.0.0.1:8000/admin). Exists 2 users: user@sio.de:111111, admin@sio.de:111111 with different roles.
Admin can create/edit/delete users, projects, times.
Both user and admin can create time record (should press button "start" for starting the timer and "stop" for ending.
JQuery script for timer found on Stackoverflow.
There is some statistic per month and per day. Available just in the admin interface (admin can see all records for all users and can soft delete records).
The user can see his statistic in his interface but can not change it.
There are possibilities to export in Xls file. Exported will be data on the current screen.
The database could be loaded from the dump and with migrations.
I didn't write any tests!
I worked on a project for approximately 11-12 hours.

Problems:
On DB must remove ONLY_FULL_GROUP. In MySQL console should write:
SET GLOBAL sql_mode=(SELECT REPLACE(@@sql_mode,'ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY',''));